PROTOTYPE.md, before:

# top stuff (will change heading later)

PERIOD 3/4/5

Group members names

Group Name (be creative and lean into it!)

Brief Project description (1 paragraph summary)

Expanded Description:

Critical features (Minimum Viable Product) - What you want to have after 1.5 weeks.

Diagrams can be useful (but will expand this to an extra page if you use them) when your project isn't EXTREMELY well known (e.g. chess, tetris) but you need to annoatate them to explain what you care about.

Nice to have features - What you would want to have by the end






# Technical Details:

(CHANGE THIS!!!!!)

A description of your technical design. This should include: 
   
How you will be using the topics covered in class in the project.




     
# Project Design

UML Diagrams and descriptions of key algorithms, classes, and how things fit together.


    
# Intended pacing:

How you are breaking down the project and who is responsible for which parts.

A timeline with expected completion dates of parts of the project. (CHANGE THIS!!!!!)

Commit message:

Added period, name, some formatting, and list of basic critical features to have after 1.5 weeks

PROTOTYPE.md, after:

# top stuff (will change heading later)

### Period: $${\color{blue}3}$$

### Group members' names: $${\color{blue}Arko \space Chakrabartiroy}$$

Group Name (be creative and lean into it!): $${\color{blue}Undecided}$$

Brief Project description (1 paragraph summary):



Expanded Description:


---

### Critical features (Minimum Viable Product) - What you want to have after 1.5 weeks.

1. A working player sprite that can move around (controls would be arrow keys and maybe WASD) and jump (with gravity mechanics implemented) with up/W/space key
2. Platform sprites that function as "ground" and stuff that player can jump on and move on
3. Collectibles (e.g. coins) spawning in different (possibly randomized) places
4. Enemies (e.g. spikes, lava) spawning in different places; if player touches these, player dies and respawns at beginning(?) of level
5. Gravity (mentioned in #1 but this deserves a bullet of its own here because of its importance in any platformer)--player jumping, falling, etc
6. Either set levels (static or scrolling) or infinite scrolling


---

Diagrams can be useful (but will expand this to an extra page if you use them) when your project isn't EXTREMELY well known (e.g. chess, tetris) but you need to annoatate them to explain what you care about.

Nice to have features - What you would want to have by the end






# Technical Details:

(CHANGE THIS!!!!!)

A description of your technical design. This should include: 
   
How you will be using the topics covered in class in the project.




     
# Project Design

UML Diagrams and descriptions of key algorithms, classes, and how things fit together.


    
# Intended pacing:

How you are breaking down the project and who is responsible for which parts.

A timeline with expected completion dates of parts of the project. (CHANGE THIS!!!!!)
